chore(blog): september summary + london highlights (#3259)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2024-september-summary-and-london.md

<Figure
  src="/img/posts/london-conf-2024/artur.webp"
  caption="Artur presenting Harmonizing Asynchronous Systems: NATS, CloudEvents and AsyncAPI."
  className="text-center"
/>

Eduardo then shared a success story on how using AsyncAPI helps build API management platforms that enable event-driven architectures across domains by decoupling producers and consumers without compromising data contracts between parties.

<Figure
  src="/img/posts/london-conf-2024/eduardo.webp"
  caption="Eduardo presenting Event-Driven Architectures Through API Management and AsyncAPI."
  className="text-center"
/>

Later, Swen spoke on lessons we can learn from synchronous API design and architecture.

<Figure
  src="/img/posts/london-conf-2024/swen.webp"
  caption="Swen presenting Lessons from Sync API Design: What Makes A Good AsyncAPI?."
  className="text-center"
/>

During the break, the `API Specs and Standards Booth` was busy with people interested in what the AsyncAPI Initiative is all about and the work we do.

<Figure
  src="/img/posts/london-conf-2024/booth-1.webp"
  caption="Specs booth during the break."
  className="text-center"
/>

> Dale gave a session on how much information you need to know to design a solution around a topic and illustrated the critical additional information a provider of an asynchronous API needs to provide.

Author: ```suggestion
Dale gave a session on how much information you need to know to design a solution around Kafka topics and illustrated the critical additional information a provider of an asynchronous API needs to provide.
```
